The Vampire Story
20 years ago, vampires were only in fairy tales.
Then they appeared in the world.
They easily got mixed up with people by taking the form of humans.
And attacked humans in the dark of night.
People started to fear vampires.
The rumors spread even more.
Vampires have such powers that humans can't even imagine.
The one who is bitten by vampires, becomes a vampire himself.
No one could kill them.
Maybe we too have a vampire.
The situation got so bad that people started to fear the shadow.
Even if I run far away
I'll kneel down in front of you again
Hold my hand
End the tragedy
Don't let me go anymore anymore yeah
Even if I get hurt
I can't go away, fate
Forever, I'll be there
Even if I get trapped, I'll find you
One in a billion
No no no no
I desperately want you, everything
From the beginning to eternity before I met you
You're like a puzzle
I was destined to meet you
Now all becomes clear
One in a billion
There are very few transfers like this in the middle of the year.
And right now, there is no room empty in the new dorm.
That's why I have prepared a room in the old dorm for you.
Maybe the stuff can be scattered there.
I will manage.
And yes, as per the rules, you cannot leave this campus after evening.
And don't go anywhere for your safety.
A while ago, someone was murdered nearby.
I heard that this murder was committed by a vampire.
By the way, our school is very famous for its entrance exams.
So, it's impossible that any of our teachers or students are vampires.
I am sorry.
Looks like you told your gruesome mother!
It's not
you!
Your grandfather went to jail for stealing a spare car
and you call yourself 240!
They want to pay a rally!
Let's believe they're responsible
and ask them to let us live
Die with the car!
I'm going to stay here alone.
Oh, my God!
This is going to be fun!
This is the most famous school in Riverfield.
Not only that,
it's also known for cleaning vampires.
So, no one will have a bad impression about me here.
I don't need to run anymore.
So, now I'll go and clean the house.
I'll go and clean the house.
So now I can live a normal school life.
What if I find a dirty room in the corner?
Anyway, with the help of my strength I...
There is a vampire somewhere.
I came here to take my book.
I'm not a vampire.
Believe me.
I believe you.
Vampires can't come here.
I know everyone says that.
But I don't want anyone to doubt me.
After all, I hate vampires the most in the world.
I don't want to be a vampire.
I hate vampires.
I forgot You came here to buy a book Tell me where you kept it I have cleaned the room No problem I will find it myself Is it this one
Wow!
This is such an old book.
Yes.
I am very interested in old stories.
Is it?
I also like reading books.
I am also interested in old stories.
If you don't mind, we can discuss this.
Oh sorry.
I've been telling you for so long, but you never let me.
Actually, I'm very happy to know this.
It's never happened before that someone saw me doing something like this and still didn't suspect me.
Anyway, forget it. Take this.
Thank you.
We'll meet again.
What?
Okay.
Yes, we'll meet again.
Your name?
I got a good chance to make friends.
And I messed up again.
Can I know your name?
What?
My name is Suha.
Suha?
That's a very nice name.
Won't you ask the name of this handsome guy?
What? Yes, tell me.
Tell me, what's your name?
People call me Haley.
I'm in the 12th grade.
It's nice to meet you.
Yes, I'm happy too.
Okay, we'll meet soon.
Haley.
What? A transfer student?
Didn't you know, Gino?
Is she the girl?
Yes, she will be in the old dorm room where we used to keep our stuff.
What?
That means we can't go there?
If we make her our friend, we can go there.
And Sean, you are very fast in talking.
That's true.
Listen, our stuff is there, right?
We left it there.
So, we will go and get it.
We have to get it.
It seems you have become friends with her.
I'm just meeting that girl right now.
And her name is Suha.
Ellie, Solon was right.
It's impossible to befriend other students.
There's no point in beingfriend others.
I understand what you're saying.
But trust me, that girl is still alive.
She's not dead.
She's still alive.
That girl is not like the others.
That means she is like us.
No, she is not like us.
People like us cannot come here.
You are forgetting that there is no one like us.
Here, there is only us.
I know it very well.
But I don't know why.
I am being drawn towards her.
Is it true, Hailey?
Is this love at first sight?
Can we also have such feelings?
Anyway, even if we become friends with her, she will never accept us.
You are absolutely right.
And anyway, making friends with us can be a problem for that girl.
Hey, wait a minute.
Tell me, what are you all doing in my room?
Ahilya, I really like this place.
Fred is here.
Sorry, mom.
Thank you, maid.
Bye!
Suha, you are here?
This means I am here too.
Your name is Suha, right?
I have heard about you.
You are that transfer student, right?
I am Shion.
Are you my daughter?
Will you be my friend?
Yes, I am sure.
I am glad to meet you.
Shion is a mad man.
I won't let you befriend him.
You can befriend me instead.
I am Geno.
Okay.
Hello, Geno.
You too.
Hi, I am Jaan.
Listen to me carefully.
Forget everything Solon said to you.
What? You too started?
Don't pay attention to him.
He says anything.
Yes, you're right.
I think it's a good thing to be a transfer student.
I'm proud of you.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
What are you doing here?
Let's go.
Okay, you go. I'll come.
Suha, did you come here to buy something?
Actually, I want to see the whole school.
Okay, Suha. I'll show you the whole school.
We still have some time before the class starts.
What? You'll come with us?
If that's the case, I'll come with you.
Yes. Let's go.
Yes, you're right. It's our duty to show her the school.
Yes, let's go.
Why do we need to go with so many people to show her the school campus Why are you shouting you want to go you can go with us I don want to go anywhere Okay then you can stay
This is our library.
Wow! It's much bigger than I thought.
This is the classroom of the ninth grade students.
And the classroom of the tenth grade students is not close.
The classrooms of the 11th and 12th students are just a little ahead of them.
Oh, I see.
By the way, let me tell you that I'm with you in the 10th class.
Yes, except for the salon.
Jaan and Gino are in the 11th class.
And Heli is in the 12th class.
And we have two friends in the 9th class.
Their names are Zaka and Noah.
You all are in different classes, but you are still good friends.
We are good friends.
Yes, we grew up in the same orphanage.
And we have been together since childhood.
None of us saw our parents.
Oh, I am sorry for listening to you.
I am sorry.
This is the athletic field.
There is going to be a night club tournament in a few days.
Everyone is practicing for that.
Noah and Jaka might be there.
Oh, really?
Really?
They are so excited about this tournament that they are training on the ground alone.
Actually, they don't like to lose.
You like to lose a lot, right?
Yes.
And I am sure we will win this time too.
That's great.
By the way, will you tell me...
It was just a ball.
I got a lot of it.
Sorry, did I hit you?
Are you alright?
Noah, Jaka, can't you see the time when you both are playing?
Thank God, the ball went towards Jaan.
Play carefully.
Forgive me.
Our ball.
We'll take care of it next time.
Alright, see you.
Suha, did you get hurt anywhere?
What did I say?
Sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you.
I...
What?
Sorry.
Are you okay?
Yes, I am fine.
And thank you all for showing me the school.
No problem.
I enjoyed a lot.
I remembered.
I might have forgotten something.
I will go to my room.
I was about to die today.
Oh.
I wanted to thank you too.
But why?
When the ball was coming towards us,
you pulled my uniform and saved me.
But I wasn't saving you from the ball.
I was removing dust from your uniform.
But I want us to…
Forget about being friends with us.
Because we don't befriend anyone.
And never with you.
I don't know why I feel weird.
I'm being pulled towards her.
Anyway, forget it. Don't ever talk to us again.
I felt the same way as Hailey did.
I'm being pulled towards her.
Is that so?
I can't explain it, but...
Manu is controlling my mind.
You're absolutely right.
I said it right. Like a human being.
Give whatever she wants to ask of you.
Yes, you are right.
Absolutely right.
Is this what you call love?
We fell in love at first sight.
We should not have such feelings.
He is right.
Because I am feeling some power.
What happened to you?
Okay, I will not say hi from now on.
Never.
Okay, you can say hi.
I won't talk to you for long.
You can talk to us as much as you want.
Don't misunderstand me.
When I said no to making friends,
it didn't mean that I hate you.
I was just saying...
Anyway,
they won't listen to me even after I say no.
So, don't pay attention to what I said.
Hmm.
Okay.
Let's go.
Oh!
Hi, Suha.
Shall we go together?
What? But...
It's my first day.
Maybe that's why she's worried.
Hey, Haley.
Hi, Haley. How are you?
Hi, Haley.
Haley.
Hi, good morning.
He is so famous.
Don't worry about what Solon said to you, Suha.
Because I know you are not at fault.
He is the reason for our secret.
What?
I just heard your voice in my mind.
This is called telepathy.
Consider this as my special power.
Keep this a secret.
Okay Suha, it's time for your class.
But...
Suha I so happy that we are in the same class Me too Come Come and sit with me But there is someone else sitting here
No problem.
I will tell Solon to sit somewhere else.
Okay.
You don't have any objection, Solon?
No. You sit on your place, Solon.
I will sit somewhere else.
No, let it be.
I will go.
See.
Class is over.
Suha, what are you doing after class?
I am thinking of cleaning the room after class.
Oh, really?
Then let me help you.
What? How can I help you?
You all will not have any problem.
No, no, what is the need for that? I will do it myself.
Not at all. You just stand and watch our work.
Yes, you are right. If we help, the cleaning will be done quickly.
And I love cleaning.
He's lying.
We used to use this room before.
Yes, we left the things lying around.
I'll help you.
This is my room.
Careful! Don't touch it.
Careful.
What? But why?
I'll pick it up.
Don't worry.
Remember I told you about my power?
Are you scared?
Yes, I'm fine.
We're just like you.
What?
What do you mean?
Haley, are you sending me a telepathic message?
Yes.
Oh!
But Suha, will you tell anyone about my power?
Not at all.
We'll always keep each other's secrets a secret.
Okay.
Zura, look here.
Look what I can do.
What is this?
Now, look at my magic.
If your hands get cold, I can warm them.
See, I can do this.
You guys...
You? Why are you looking at me like that?
I can't do that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I mean, I have the power, but I can't show it.
Okay.
Anyway, we came here to clean up.
So, start.
You too help us, Solon.
Okay, we should leave now.
Good night.
Okay. Thanks for the help.
See you tomorrow.
Bye-bye, Suha.
These people are really very nice.
And I am not alone.
I have a special power.
There are people who have power but they are not vampires.
Listen, Suha.
You can be a good friend if you want.
Yes.
Look, I am also alone like you.
Yes, why not?
People call me Haley.
I am in 12th grade.
I am glad to meet you.
Chris, you have become my friend.
What were you doing?
What do you mean?
Why did you show her your strength?
Tell me, Solon.
Is there really nothing in your heart?
Whether there is something in my heart or not, Haley.
You shouldn't have done that.
We all, no matter what, we have to stay away from all humans.
Because we are all vampires.
I'm in a row
Got this night taste just like ooh
I'm in a
Is this a fate that repeats itself?
We're trying to break it down again, no hiding, hiding
I found you in the dark
I'm soaked in the light
You're my whole life, your voice and your voice
All of it, no more logic
You better watch it
I can't stop it
I'm gonna let you in
I can't deny my instincts
The cruel season is coming to me
Will you forget me again?
You say goodnight
Meet me next life
But I'm lost tonight
Got me like
Under the moonlight
For a moment, hold up in heaven
I'll hug you
Come let's go
Coming in love
Got this night, that's just like
Next time on episode 2, Crescent Moon, the wolves who climbed over the wall.